docs(add): info about events from global products (#4714)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/audit-trail/faq.mdx

Audit Trail events are stored in the same region where the activity occurred. This means that if an event takes place in a specific region, it will be saved and accessible in that same region.

> By default, events from global products which are not region-specific such as [IAM](/iam/), are stored in the Paris region.
> 

Author: ```suggestion
Events from global products which are not region-specific such as [IAM](/iam/), are stored in the Paris region.
Find out more about product availability in the [dedicated documentation](/account/reference-content/products-availability/).
```
